[doc,racl_ctrl] Update RACL documentation. (#27856)
lowRISC/opentitan: hw/top_darjeeling/ip_autogen/racl_ctrl/doc/programmers_guide.md

# Programmer's Guide

RACL Control can be configured through its [registers](./registers.md).

## RACL Policies

Each RACL policy has a register named after the policy which contains a permission bitmap for read and write permissions for each of the roles defined in the top-level configuration.
The exact register layout is defined in [RACL: Register Access Control List](../../../../../doc/contributing/hw/racl/README.md#racl-policies).
Once set, the policies (i.e. permission bitmaps) are distributed to all subscribing IPs and used for subsequent RACL access checks.

## Interrupts

When a RACL error occurs, an interrupt is raised.
Interrupts are disabled by default but can be enabled via the [`INTR_ENABLE`](./registers.md#intr_enable) register.

## Error Logs

> When a RACL error occurs, the following information about the error is logged in the [`ERROR_LOG`](./registers.md#error_log) and [`ERROR_LOG_ADDRESS`](./registers.md#error_log_address) registers.

Reviewer: Do we need to give programmers any guidance on how the registers should be read and written? I'm thinking of something along the lines of
- Wait for a RACL error interrupt or poll the `ERROR_LOG.valid` bit.
- Read the `ERROR_LOG_ADDRESS` register.
- Read the `ERROR_LOG` register.
- Clear the log entry by writing `1` to the `ERROR_LOG.valid` bit.

It may seem obvious but could help avoid questions or usage bugs.

- `ERROR_LOG_ADDRESS` contains the address on which a RACL violation occurred.
- `ERROR_LOG.valid` indicates that the log registers contain valid data.

> - `ERROR_LOG.overflow` indicates that a RACL error occurred while the `valid` bit was set or that two errors occurred at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ERROR_LOG.overflow` indicates that a RACL error occurred while the `valid` bit was set or that more than one error was reported in the same clock cycle.
```
